docs: Update FAQ re predictive coding (#659)
thousandbrainsproject/tbp.monty: docs/how-monty-works/faq-monty.md

Active inference and the Free Energy Principle are frameworks for understanding brains as systems designed to reduce "surprise". The importance of reducing surprise, either through sampling the environment to improve learned models, or acting based on learned models to reduce uncertainty, are entirely compatible with the Thousand Brains Theory, as well as how we are implementing Monty. However, concrete mathematical implementations of active inference typically struggle to operate in real-world settings, due to issues with modeling high-dimensional properties in the world, and the use of Gaussian distributions in modeling noise. As a result, these ideas are often realised using deep-learning models (see [Millidge, 2020](https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.03876)). However, this introduces the very issues plaguing deep learning that we want to avoid (see [Why Does Monty Not Make Use of Deep Learning?](#why-does-monty-not-make-use-of-deep-learning)). As a result, it remains an open question as to how a system can model the world to reduce surprise, while achieving comparable performance to mammalian brains. We think the TBT principles are essential for this. 

> Predictive coding is a proposal for how a hierarchical system can use prediction errors to develop models of the world. Beliefs in Monty about what objects it is perceiving, as well as their spatial details, are a function of a mismatch (i.e., an error) between predictions made by Monty's learned models, and sensory observations. However, in contrast to predictive coding, information passed further in the hierarchy in the TBT is a representation of what the learning module infers, rather than the remaining "prediction error". In this way, models are formed as an arrangement of features, which in turn represent other models. In addition to this core distinction, it's worth addressing that predictive coding is often put forward as a biologically plausible mechanism for deep learning in the brain. However, beyond questions about biological plausibility, this approach does not circumvent the various drawbacks present in deep learning systems, such as poor sample efficiency and catastrophic forgetting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Predictive coding is a proposal for how a hierarchical system can use prediction errors to develop models of the world. Similar to predictive coding, **Monty relies on prediction errors for inferring what it is sensing**. Beliefs in Monty about what objects it is perceiving, as well as their spatial details, are are formed using a mismatch (i.e., an error) between predictions made by Monty's learned models, and sensory observations. However, in contrast to predictive coding, **information passed further in the hierarchy in the TBT is a representation of what the learning module infers, rather than the remaining "prediction error".** In this way, models are formed as an arrangement of features, which in turn represent other models. In addition to this core distinction, it's worth addressing that predictive coding is often put forward as a biologically plausible mechanism for deep learning in the brain. However, beyond questions about biological plausibility, this approach does not circumvent the various drawbacks present in deep learning systems, such as poor sample efficiency and catastrophic forgetting.
```
